[Music]
one to bring it to the folks Snoop Doggy
dog induct the drink is that big dope
hello internet friends my name is Sarah
deechi if you're new around here there
has been a lot of talk about the iPhone
event the new iPhones and just
previously Samsung had a big event as
well if you're new around here my entire
ecosystem is Apple
I use a MacBook and an iPhone and that's
basically the center of my world whether
it is social or business content
creation however I have actually owned
two Samsung phones in my life I started
with a Samsung Galaxy five or six years
ago actually when iPhone was exclusively
for AT&T and I've always had two mobile
so I couldn't I couldn't get the beloved
iPhone that phone was great but I really
wasn't doing picture taking and
instagramming and I messaging and
emailing and then a year ago I teamed up
with Samsung and made a 360 video it was
so cool using their VR camera and their
virtual reality goggles but then I gave
this phone a chance cuz you have to use
it for 360 capture it is the galaxy s7
edge it is a beautiful phone it feels
great but because I'm so soaked into the
iPhone ecosystem iMessage is huge for me
airdrop is huge being able to transfer
gigs of video footage from my phone to
my macbook over the Bluetooth waves like
that I couldn't dive into this Android
world because it is so different and
something with this edge home that I
found it extremely annoying is when
you're sitting there using it and your
palms are hitting the edge it like
presses buttons and things and so I just
found this not very intuitive even
it is a gorgeous phone I just do not
like the Android software Wow another
Apple fangirl
yes I can't wait to hang out at the new
Apple stores aka the town squares and
hang out with my cult my friends and
here's the thing I think people like
Samsung make dope phones I don't think
the Android operating system is terrible
I think Android exists for a reason and
I think iOS exists for a reason and I
think having a choice is a beautiful
thing if you have a Samsung phone and
you love it I'm so happy for you but the
Internet is a vicious place especially
when it comes to Apple products and any
reviewer any tech youtuber online who is
making Apple videos whether it's about
the iPhone or a MacBook or whatever all
of their videos seem to have a similar
theme throughout them now that they've
endured years and years of the youtube
comment sections face ID essentially
this facial recognition to unlock your
phone
trust me I fully realize this isn't
anything new I know Samsung pushed it
last year racing myself for you keyboard
warriors out there who gonna yell at me
and say what the hell that's been around
for the record I'm not stating this is
new or some kind of witchcraft or Apple
invented a new super moon hey guys
welcome to another review video here is
the new iPhone 10 I also have a Android
phone that I sometimes use the iPhone 10
is super exciting because it features a
OLED display which is definitely not new
Samsung has done it before other Android
phones have it the new iPhone 8 an
iPhone 10 has wireless charging it has a
rock
Apple didn't invent wireless charging
wireless charging has been a thing for a
very long time you know it's exciting
because Apple is adopting wireless
charging it's going to be more accepted
everywhere so I think it's a win-win in
the words of Drake it's not about who
did it first but who did it right
Samsung offers a certain thing that
people love Apple offers a certain thing
that another group of people love can't
we all just get along one of my favorite
comments on my iPhone 10 video was
equated owning an iPhone 10 to showing
off your wealth one thing that I liked
about Android phones is they have
expandable storage you can put in and
take out any SD card that you like any
size that's dope especially as a content
creator that would be fantastic to have
another thing with the Android phones is
its customizable you can do more
customizable things that's one of the
number one things that people talk about
but something about the iPhone that I
just can't really put my finger on is
that things just work and they work
right I mean have you seen a snapchat
video from an Android user in terms of
taking photos and video I don't know
what it is I don't know what it is about
the look the way you can edit thing I
just i personally personally like it
better and i think the same is true for
a lot of creative types buzz like one of
this video it's quite the opposite
actually to ramble on about what's
better because I think it just depends
what your needs are I'm curious what you
think if you are a Android user or an
iPhone user why why do you feel the way
you feel okay so I need to give you guys
a sneak
of something that I think you'll
appreciate and and even the haters I
think the haters are gonna enjoy this
too so without further ado one more
thing
[Applause]
before we end today's video I have one
more thing this is a custom PC that I
built with Austin Evans you start out
your videos a certain way what do I yeah
yeah yeah two words okay let's do it -
hey guys so on the topic of Samsung vs.
iPhone Android first iOS I get a lot of
crap for using Adobe Premiere CC to edit
my videos on a MacBook there is
constantly that Adobe Premiere CC vs.
Final Cut 10 arguments after all the
comments I caved I said you know what
I've tried a Samsung phone but I have
never tried a PC for the heavy editing I
do in Premiere so you can't knock it
until you try it but this thing this box
is just the tower but I cannot wait to
show you the guts of this computer you
can start to speculate in the comments
down below but I was like if I'm gonna
build a PC I'm gonna do it right so I
had the help of Austin and that video
will be released on my channel next week
so make sure it is that subscribe button
for new videos here on this channel
every single week the PC videos will
start next week and I'm excited for it
so until next time remember to go crazy
on each other in the comments down below
my name is Sarah deechi and I
you drink the juice the apple juice I am
a fangirl but I'm proud stay peachy
okay
[Music]